Feature/cloud images (#99)
Ensono/stacks-docker-images: docs/docker-definitions/foundation/azure-cli.adoc

== EIR Foundation Azure CLI

> The Azure CLI is a large application that is used to manipulate resource sin Azure. It is is its own image so that it can be used as a base image for other container images, such as `data`.

Reviewer: `resource sin` --> `resources in`

> The Azure CLI is a large application that is used to manipulate resource sin Azure. It is is its own image so that it can be used as a base image for other container images, such as `data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure CLI is a large application that is used to manipulate resources in Azure. It is in its own image so that it can be used as a base image for other container images, such as `data`.
```
